Starting issue tracking handbook page (#464)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/product/issue_tracking.md

# How we track issues

## Customer requests

> Customer issues should reference the link to the company in HubSpot, and should also be given a `customer` label. (This is because any links in markdown will not show up in searches for "hubspot.com").

Reviewer: Also:

```suggestion
Customer issues should reference the link to the company in HubSpot. **Note that the URL should never be hidden in a markdown link (such as `[company name](https://app.hubspot.com/contacts/XXXXXXX/company/XXXXXXX)`) as GitHub issue search doesn't search the full markdown, only the rendered text.** 

Please make sure the URL looks like https://app.hubspot.com/contacts/XXXXXXX/**company**/XXXXXXX — if the link ends in /**deal**/XXXXXXX or /**ticket**/XXXXXXX instead, searches for the company won't return the correct set of issues.

## Finding all requests from a given customer

Visit the company's page on HubSpot, copy the unique identifier at the end of the URL, and search in GitHub. All issues filed on behalf of the company will appear.
```

> Customer issues should reference the link to the company in HubSpot, and should also be given a `customer` label. (This is because any links in markdown will not show up in searches for "hubspot.com").

Author: Added @dadlerj 's suggestion to updated commit + rebase.
